---
title: "aws sap 문제 풀이 11주차 문제풀이 2번"
collection: memo
type: "aws"
permalink: /memo/aws-sap-week11-2
date: 2023-05-07
venue: "sap"
---

A company is hosting a critical application on a single Amazon EC2 instance. The application uses an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis single-node cluster for an in-memory data store. The application uses an Amazon RDS for MariaDB DB instance for a relational database. For the application to function, each piece of the infrastructure must be healthy and must be in an active state.
A solutions architect needs to improve the application's architecture so that the infrastructure can automatically recover from failure with the least possible downtime.
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose three.)

A. Use an Elastic Load Balancer to distribute traffic across multiple EC2 instances. Ensure that the EC2 instances are part of an Auto Scaling group that has a minimum capacity of two instances.
B. Use an Elastic Load Balancer to distribute traffic across multiple EC2 instances. Ensure that the EC2 instances are configured in unlimited mode.
C. Modify the DB instance to create a read replica in the same Availability Zone. Promote the read replica to be the primary DB instance in failure scenarios.
D. Modify the DB instance to create a Multi-AZ deployment that extends across two Availability Zones.
E. Create a replication group for the ElastiCache for Redis cluster. Configure the cluster to use an Auto Scaling group that has a minimum capacity of two instances.
F. Create a replication group for the ElastiCache for Redis cluster. Enable Multi-AZ on the cluster.

## 풀이 및 공부 



# 참고 

- https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ko_kr/AmazonElastiCache/latest/red-ug/AutoFailover.html