---
title: "aws sap 문제 풀이 2주차 문제풀이 2번"
collection: memo
type: "aws"
permalink: /memo/aws-sap-week2-3
date: 2023-03-04
venue: "sap"
---


# 문제


The department of education just recently decided to leverage the AWS cloud infrastructure to supplement its current on-premises network. They are building a new learning portal that teaches kids basic computer science concepts and provides innovative gamified courses for teenagers where they can gain higher rankings, power-ups and badges. A Solutions Architect is instructed to build a highly available cloud infrastructure in AWS with multiple Availability Zones. The department wants to increase the application’s reliability and gain actionable insights using application logs. A Solutions Architect needs to aggregate logs, automate log analysis for errors and immediately notify the IT Operations team when errors breached a certain threshold

Which of the following is the MOST suitable solution that the Architect should implement?

A)Download and install the Amazon Kinesis agent in the on-premises servers and send the logs to Amazon CloudWatch Logs. Create a metric filter in CloudWatch to turn log data into numerical metrics to identify and measure application errors. Use Amazon QuickSight to monitor the metric filter in CloudWatch and immediately notify the IT Operations team for any issues.

B)Download and install the Amazon Managed Service for Prometheus in the on-premises servers and send the logs to AWS Lambda to turn log data into numerical metrics that identify and measure application errors. Write the processed metrics back to the time series database in Prometheus. Create a CloudWatch Alarm that monitors the metric and immediately notifies the IT Operations team for any issues.

C)Download and install the Amazon CloudWatch agent in the on-premises servers and send the logs to Amazon CloudWatch Logs. Create a metric filter in CloudWatch to turn log data into numerical metrics to identify and measure application errors. Create a CloudWatch Alarm that monitors the metric filter and immediately notify the IT Operations team for any issues.

D)Download and install the Amazon CloudWatch agent in the on-premises servers and send the logs to Amazon CloudWatch Events. Create a metric filter in CloudWatch to turn log data into numerical metrics to identify and measure application errors. Use Amazon Athena to monitor the metric filter and immediately notify the IT Operations team for any issues.

# 풀이 및 공부

## 문제 풀이

### A번

Kinesis agent?

> Kinesis Agent is a stand-alone Java software application that offers an easy way to collect and send data to Kinesis Data Streams. The agent continuously monitors a set of files and sends new data to your stream. The agent handles file rotation, checkpointing, and retry upon failures

## 추가 정보

# 참고 

[https://docs.aws.amazon.com/streams/latest/dev/writing-with-agents.html](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/streams/latest/dev/writing-with-agents.html)